---
title: Who Am I
date: 2024-04-25 09:35:00 +0700
comments: false
tags: [aboutme]
---

## Who Am I
I am a disciple of Jesus Christ, an aspiring software engineer, and a software engineering student at Arizona State University. 

As a disciple of Christ I strive to live as He did, and to look unto Him in every thought and action.

I enjoy learning about how the world works, and the inner workings of the technologies that impact our daily lives. I love the creative process of finding a solution to an issue, or even just a way to improve something that's already there.

I hope to make a difference in people's abilities to learn what they want to learn, and to share what they know and love.

## Truth, Purpose, Skill
I believe these to be crucial to finding success and satisfaction in our daily lives.

#### Truth
I believe that the truth sets us free. 

I like to use the analogy of building an airplane, it doesn't matter how strongly you believe or think that you've built your plane correctly. If the wings on your plane are too small, it will never get off the ground, and you'll never successfully fly until you admit you were wrong, and learn better.

#### Purpose
Without knowing what we want in life, what we want each day, we don't make any real progress towards anything. Having a purpose simply means you know where you want to go, what you want to do, and who you want to become.

#### Skill
Having the biggest dreams, or the best aspirations and intentions are great, but until one has the ability to make them a reality, they will remain as dreams and aspirations.

Improving one's skills is a process, One doesn't just pick up a basketball, then join the NBA, it takes work and dedication to develop the ability to achieve your dreams.

You have to try, fail, learn and succeed over and over again. That's the process of becoming great at what you do.